Add includeCRDs Field to HelmChart (#3898)
kubernetes-sigs/kustomize: examples/chart.md

The `valuesInline` field overrides some native chart values.

The `includeCRDs` field instructs Helm to generate 
`CustomResourceDefinitions`. 

> See the [Helm docs for further info](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/) for details.
```
